---
layout: archive
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

# Education
### Hohai University, School of Computer Science and Information **| China | 2019.09 – 2023.06**
Main Courses: Artificial Intelligence, Operating Systems, Data Structure, Algorithm Design, Database Systems.
### University of Delaware, Department of Computer and Information Sciences | USA | 2022.07 - 2022.11
Summer Research intern at Car Lab
Advisor: **Professor [Weisong Shi](http://weisongshi.org)**  
### THUNLP | Tsinghua University | China | 2023.11 - Present
Research intern at Tool Learning Group 
Advisor: **Professor [Zhiyuan Liu](http://nlp.csai.tsinghua.edu.cn/~lzy/)**


# Research Experience
### [RepoAgent](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.16667): An Open-source Framework for Repository-level Documentation Generation | 2023.11 - 2024.02
**Advisor: Professor [Zhiyuan Liu](http://nlp.csai.tsinghua.edu.cn/~lzy/) | Tsinghua University | THUNLP | China**

  - Developed the entire framework as the lead author, enabling high-quality code documentation generation for
  repositories through LLMs. This framework automatically updates and maintains code documentation during the
  development process and team collaboration without human intervention.
  - Designed a bidirectional reference detection algorithm to explore the global structure. This approach allows
  RepoAgent to have a global perspective, enhancing the richness, accuracy, and usability of the documents.
  - Conducted qualitative human evaluation experiments and other quantitative experiments to assess the quality of documentation generated from various aspects, including Global Perspective, Format Alignment, and Parameters
  Accuracy. Performance on models such as GPT-4, GPT-3.5-turbo, and Llama2 series were also evaluated.
  - Demonstrated strong performance across all metric, indicating that the documentation generated by RepoAgent surpassed human-generated documentation, achieving tasks that traditional methods could not. This work has been accepted by EMNLP 2024, with the [code](https://github.com/OpenBMB/RepoAgent) and [demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPPJBVOP71M) open-sourced.

### Learning to Proactively Predict Implicit Human Intents
ARR stage right now, about to release...

### DenseBench: Density Matters in Benchmarking Long-Context Performance of Large Language Models
ARR stage right now, about to release...

### Self-Driving Task Scheduling Framework based on Docker and Edge Computing | 2022.07 - 2022.11  
  **Advisor: Professor [Weisong Shi](http://weisongshi.org) | Chair of Computer Science Department | University of Delaware | USA**
  - Devised a task scheduling framework to solve the autonomous driving task scheduling problem on software-defined vehicles, encapsulating four algorithms and deployed on docker to create an experimental environment.
  - Combined reinforcement learning with a dual-timescale mechanism, using actor-critic algorithm to automatically learn scheduling strategies for driving tasks.
  - Proposed a dynamic change formula based on image similarity for large time scale, optimizing orchestrating overhead assembling a matrix-like service relevance coefficient update mechanism to accelerate model learning--these innovations helped improve the framework throughput rate by 12.04% and stability (using the variance of the throughput rate) by 3.56%.
  - Designed a global feature-fusion method to generate the state of reinforcement learning, and, eventually, the throughput rate was increased from 50% to 79% ~ 97%, and the stability was increased by 48.68%.  

### Image Style Transfer based on VGG19 Pre-trained Model | 2022.03 - 2022.05  
  **Advisor: Dr. Evelyn | Stanford University | USA**
  - Built a multilayer convolutional neural network using VGG19 Pre-trained Model and yielded 763 image style-transfer pairs of different sizes and themes in order to imitate human painting styles.
  - Discovered the correspondence between image structure pattern and style similarity, proposed an improved method of fusing object recognition and style transfer with clearer line texture and better color block separation.

# Work Experience
### Intelligent Stethoscope for Heart Sound Recognition | Founder | FinzHealth IoT Technology | 2021.05 - Present  
  - Invented a wireless intelligent stethoscope during the COVID-19 pandemic and founded FinzHealth IoT Technology Co., LTD; established the first Chinese database for heart sounds from patients with corona virus.
  - Obtained three patents by designing the hardware structure of the product, raised a million yuan in financing and reached hundreds of test users with our minimum viable product.
  - Filtered the data to reduce high-frequency noise, downsampled to increase the sensing field and normalized the audio signal to unify the audio scale.
  - Extracted features by using spectral analysis and trained neural network models to classify four heart maladies, achieving a 97% accuracy on the test dataset.  

### Research and application of LLMs in financial field | [China International Capital Corporation Limited (CICC)](https://www.cicc.com) | AI Group | 2023.07 - 2024.07
  - Developed the TOES algorithm (Tree of Embedding Search) to perform multi-level tree structure summarization
  and indexing of 90,000 financial research reports at the vector level. Implemented pruning acceleration and
  improved recall accuracy, with recall rate increasing from 88% to 93% and NDCG from 9.8 to 10.41.
  - Designed a multi-agent evaluation algorithm for RAG-based research report question-answering scenarios, implementing TopicAgent, SummaryAgent, and CriticAgent to conduct high-granularity logical analysis and
  judgment on the responses provided by LLM.
  - Proposed the Evil Prompts model security verification algorithm, comprising modules for pre-context, tokenization, and sensitive content exploitation. It utilizes deep recursive word generation techniques in conjunction with LLM capabilities to construct a set of inducive queries capable of prompting large language models to generate erroneous viewpoints and stances.

# Projects
### Cooperative Control System for UAV Swarms based on Cloud-Side Collaboration | 2021.07 - 2021.09   
  **Advisor: Yingchi Mao | Vice Dean of School of Computer Science | Hohai University | China**
  - Implemented automate drone tasks including waypoint planning, timed photo-taking in UAV control system.
  - Adjusted the layout and structure of the mobile control system, optimized the UI interface, and implemented RTMP live streaming push to the edge server.  

### Big Data Storage and Computing Separation System based on HUAWEI CLOUD | 2021.12 - 2022.02
  - Built a Hadoop cluster, configured environment variables and initialized the namenodes.  
  - Stored the collected YouTube videos into the Hadoop Distributed File System of the Hadoop cluster, and used the MapReduce service to implement querying and sorting functions such as the number of plays and comments.

# AWARDS
**National Level:**
  - Second inventor of three patents
  - Excellent completion of national innovation and entrepreneurship training project (first place)
  - First prize at the National University Art Exhibition in 2021  

**Provincial Level:**
  - Third Prize at the Jiangsu "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition
  - Third Prize at the "Winning in Nanjing" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition    

**College Level:**
  - 2021 Science and Technology Innovation Scholarship (5%)
  - Academic Excellence Scholarship (5%)
  - 2021 Leader of Academic Style Construction (1%)
  - Second prize at the Web Design Competition (5%)

# ACTIVITIES
### Documentary Director | Producer | 2020.02 - 2020.08
  - Independently produced the documentary film **["Honglin Cuo"](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1gT4y177oL/?spm_id_from=333.337.search-card.all.click&vd_source=f992594be2927c7f40bec1ab727fb47c)**. It was shown by **CCTV-10**, with a total viewership of more than 77 million.
  - Filmed a documentary of Fujian medical team's fight against COVID-19 called "The March", which was reflected by numerous official media outlets, with more than 1 million pageviews.
  - Received a letter of thanks from the Affiliated Union Hospital of Fujian Medical University, and the work was included in the Digital Museum of Huazhong University of Science and Technology.

# SKILLS
**Programming Languages**: C, Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, SQL.  
 
**Technologies**: PyTorch, TensorFlow, Oracle Database, Spring Boot, Docker, Maven, GaussDB.

<!-- 
Publications
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.publications %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
  
Talks
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.talks %}
    {% include archive-single-talk-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
  
Teaching
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.teaching %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
  
Service and leadership
======
* Currently signed in to 43 different slack teams -->
